Updates readme and support for Java 8 (#8)
moderneinc/mod-connect: README.md

# mod-connect

This is a CLI tool to generate LST files with the Moderne CLI (mod) for all your repositories without having

> to manually adapt the existing repository workflows/pipelines.

Reviewer: This tool doesn't generate LST files though, right? Instead, it creates an ingestion pipeline that will build and publish LST artifacts to your artifact repository on a regular basis.

Also, I'm a bit confused why we mention `mod` here. I thought that the Moderne CLI / the `mod` command were separate entities from this now. Is that not true?

> ## Development

Reviewer: If this is a repository that we're expecting people to come to to get the `mod-connect` tool, I'd recommend putting `Development` below the installation instructions for users.

_If you wish to contribute to this project, follow these instructions._

> ### How to build and run the CLI locally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How to build and run `mod-connect` locally
```

1. Clone the project to your machine.

2. Run the following command to build the project. This will create a zip file in the `build/distributions` directory:

   ```shell

>    ./gradlew build

Reviewer: When I clone the repo and try and run this, I just get a bunch of test failure errors. Is there something else that needs to happen before this step that should be called out?

![image](https://github.com/moderneinc/mod-connect/assets/1187834/7bf1f857-1e0d-487c-802f-4c98155087df)

   ```

3. With the zip file made, unzip it by running:

   ```shell
   unzip build/distributions/mod-connect.zip
   ```

4. You should now have a `mod-connect` tool you can run use to run various CLI commands. This is the file you unzipped
   in the previous step.

   ```shell
   cd build/distributions/mod-connect
   bin/mod-connect --help
   ```

> 5. Now you can use mod-connect for GitHub Actions or Jenkins.

Reviewer: As this is the development section, I think we should make it a bit clearer that this isn't how someone would normally use this.

```suggestion
5. You can now test the latest build of `mod-connect` and use it to set up an LST integestion pipeline with GitHub Actions or Jenkins.
```

## How to use the mod-connect CLI

### Pre-requisites

- The CLI is written in Java and can run on top of Java 8 or higher.

### How to download mod-connect

> 1. You need to go to releases section of this repository (https://github.com/moderneinc/mod-connect/releases) and
>    download
>    the latest version of the CLI.

Reviewer: There are currently no releases for this. We may want to update this command once there are as I'm not sure what this would look like. The below instructions may also need to be updated once I can test this tool.

```suggestion
1. Go to the [releases section of this repository](https://github.com/moderneinc/mod-connect/releases) and
   download the latest version of the CLI.
```
